Good morning, boys and girls.
My computer science background
is almost zero.
Even without being an expert
on computer science,
I rely heavily on technology.
Technology is what's
making the class
such a success.
Technology has been
like a savior in my classroom.
To, like, start using
less blocks
and start using
the repeat blocks.
Excellent.
♪
The structure of the classroom,
if you want a mouse,
get a mouse,
you want headphones,
get a headphone.
The mini lesson is done at
the SMART Board to begin with.
Iman, come finish
this algorithm.
The main program
they work with is Code.org.
So, everyone is focused on
the SMART Board,
trying to work through
a challenge together.
By doing it together,
they know that it's a program
that can be completed,
it can be completed
in the allotted blocks
that are required.
I also want them to see
that by working together
it's easier to get
something completed
than trying to struggle
on their own.
That's why I call
many different people
to the SMART Board
to come assist,
and even if somebody
get to the SMART Board
and have problems,
you always can go
and ask somebody
at their table to help.
And, then, they have
the individual work
that they do when they're
sitting at their computer.
Instead of turning right,
which way did he turn?
One of the great things
about the classroom support
is I can, from my mainframe,
I can look at
everyone's computer,
see what everyone is doing,
and I can look through
the programs
and seeing who's struggling,
so I really use that as a tool
to kind of get
the students past
what it is that
they're going through.
I think I have to move forward.
Okay, then you move forward.
I noticed that Gavin was
struggling at the same place
for a long period of time,
and Abdou Rahim
is a person that sits
next to him,
and on many occasions,
I have seen them
look at each other's computer
and kind of work
through problems together.
So, when Gavin needed help,
it was just obvious to me,
like, let's call Abdou Rahim
to kind of, like,
work with him.
Good to get help
from a friend
because we both could learn.
I learn from my classmate
what they tell me,
and they learn from me
what I tell them,
and I question them.
So, what do we need?
Right.
Somebody tell me,
what is an algorithm?
♪
In my fifth grade class,
half of the students
are using Code.org.
Other half are using Codesters.
Through the classroom
support system,
I was able to look
at my mainframe
and notice that Ida
was struggling with Codesters.
As I looked on to the computer,
I noticed that Xavier
was a little further than Ida,
and I felt it was a good match
to put those two together.
I was giving suggestions,
and if one of my suggestions
were partially right,
Ida would, like, kind of
help me to make sure.
Well, we both tried
different ways
to try to figure out
the problem,
and once we got it,
we succeeded.
I observed that the kids
had persistence.
When they were up there
doing the algorithms,
I noticed that some of
the students were struggling,
but they did not give up.
They was constantly doing
the algorithm.
And this is what I like
about her classroom, too.
You didn't see Jody
too much teaching.
The kids was up there
helping each other out.
She was more like
the facilitator.
In my classroom, in general,
it's a culture
of collaboration.
They know that
if they struggle,
their classmates
are there to help them,
I'm there to help them.
See? Because it's gonna
repeat it twice.
My expectation is
you need help right now,
but one day,
you're gonna be the person
that's giving the help.
We're adding, go up.
Computer science,
it's a great success.
My kids and myself,
we have fun with it.
They know that don't look
at Miss Hilton
for the answers all the time.
Go to each other.
And because of my weaknesses,
the kids are being strong
and we're working
through this together.
♪